>WHAT THIS MOVEMENT NEEDS;

MAGIC
>Magic, in the collective, autistic, hivemind sense that bridges gaps and divides and has seen some of the most incredible things rise in the past, in virtual space or irl. Meme magic has not dissapeared from the world. It has been within "you" all along - (queue inspirational cat posters) 

ARTWORK
>Do not underestimate the power of symbolisim on both the concious and the unconcious mind. And remember, humor is always a great place to start.

DEVELOPMENT OF A CLEAR CHARTER/COMMANDMENTS/GUIDING ETHOS
>To defend and combat against innevitable infection from shills and egotrippers. Those who fall out of line or claim to be one of us whilst going against what we stand for can be easily and publically countered and destroyed. Could also be a decentralised "Ethos of Neo-Western Sociey"

examples; (Just channeling my autisim, ignore if insane)

>The sin(s) of the Mother, and the sin(s) of the Father, are not passed on or inherited by the Daughter(s) and the Son(s)
>The right to speak freely and openly, is a right that must go "both ways". If one way is closed, and the other open, then it is neither free, nor open.
>Objective truth, that which is beyond doubt, and that which is self-evident, no matter how cold, painful, or detatched it may be to say or vocalise, XXXXX ????


FORMATION OF AN ORGANISED, BUT ALSO DECENTRALISED/HEADLESS MOVEMENT. 
People can always be bought and sold. People can always be compromised. (The Milo's, the Spencers, the Patreon camwhores ect) But if a movement has no head from the start, then that head can never be cut off, and its followers can never be led astray by compromised leadership.


A PLACE OUTSIDE OF POL and 4CHAN TO ORGANISE
We cant effectivley organise on boards that have a time limit. We need a place where we can come and go securely, add to ongoing discussions, refine internal security/ interaction protocols and come back when were not busy and know that some of us will be there and it wont have been hijacked by traps or shills. Github is a candidate that I feel has the tools for us to organise and develop a program. Github, with voting via strawpoll/equivalent maybe? Post something else if you think its better.


TO FOLLOW PRINCPILES OF OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
>The simpler/less convoluted it is, and the less variables it has, then the easier it is to understand
>A clear and well planned draft in the beginning reduces the risk of becoming lost or bogged down later in unnecessary inclusions.
>If someone has a better idea, a better method or protocol, a better tool, or a better space or platform to communicate with, then it should be considered for commital

HUMOUR
>No need to go full humourless aspie with this stuff. Humour is the best way to break down walls and divisions. Always has been, probably always will be.

UNDERSTANDING & FORGIVENESS - 
>People who shill or rage post behind meme flags are almost always blindsided when you say stuff like, "Its ok", or "I forgive you". This is because the people who are seen by most normies as evil trolls are only acting the way they are because they have (or feel they have, doesnt matter) been victimised themselves. Yes, WHITE PEOPLE who are 1000% PROUD OF WHO THEY ARE and their cultural heritage ARE WELCOME, as is anyone else who feels the same way about their race, whilst accepting that - THE SINS OF THE FATHER ARE NOT THE SINS OF THE CHILD, and that what matters is how you act and behave RIGHT FUCKING NOW, NO EXCUSES.

TIME
>This could be a nothing-burger. Or it coud be the start of something great. Thats up to you.